LICENSE

vSphere Integrated Containers Engine 0.9.0 Tech Preview

Copyright 2016 VMware, Inc.  All rights reserved.

This product is licensed to you under the Apache License version 2.0 (the
License). You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.

Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
copyright owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the
power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such
entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and
configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object
code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form,
made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is
included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix
below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative
Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or
bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original
version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or
Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for
inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal
Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes
of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or
written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including
but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code
control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf
of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated
in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or
Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this
section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those
patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by
their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with
the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent
litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent
licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of
the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

(a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy
of this License; and

(b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
You changed the files; and

(c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the
Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any
part of the Derivative Works; and

(d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of
the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least
one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of
the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided
along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the
Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear.
The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not
modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative
Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from
the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be
construed as modifying the License.

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a
whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise
complies with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions.  Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein
shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may
have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as
required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work
and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any
character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability
to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other
commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of
the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work
or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree
to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your
accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also
recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on
the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification
within third-party archives.

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

======================================================================

vSphere Integrated Containers Engine 0.9.0 GA

vSphere Integrated Containers Engine 0.9.0 GA includes a number of components
with separate copyright notices and license terms.  This product does not
necessarily use all the open source components referred to below. Your use of
the source code for these components is subject to the terms and conditions of
the following licenses.



===========================================================================

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to various open source
software packages (or portions thereof) that are distributed with this VMware
Product.

The VMware Product may also include other VMware components, which may contain
additional open source software packages. One or more such
open_source_licenses.txt files may therefore accompany this VMware Product.

The VMware Product that includes this file does not necessarily use all the
open source software packages referred to below and may also only use portions
of a given package.


=============== TABLE OF CONTENTS =============================


The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in this
document. This list is provided for your convenience; please read further if
you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and the full text of the license
associated with each component.

SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES

   >>> airbrake gobrake.v2-c9d51adc624b5cc4c1bf8de730a09af4878ffe2d
   >>> assertions-287b4346dc4e71a038c346375a9d572453bc469b
   >>> backoff-b02f2bbce11d7ea6b97f282ef1771b0fe2f65ef3
   >>> context-07b51741c1d6423d4a6abab1c49940ec09cb1aaf denco
   >>> -9af2ba0e24214bac003821f4a501b131b2e04c75
   >>> dhcp4-f0e4d29ff0231dce36e250b2ed9ff08412584bca
   >>> easyjson-304d3dc6fae850e62b7db2aee661d9d7b628cef0 gemnasium
   >>> logrus-airbrake-hook.v2-31e6fd4bd5a98d8ee7673d24bc54ec73c31810dd gls
   >>> -8ddce2a84170772b95dd5d576c48d517b22cac63 go-1.7.0
   >>> go-ansiterm-70b2c90b260171e829f1ebd7c17f600c11858dbe
   >>> go-check-4f90aeace3a26ad7021961c297b22c42160c7b25 go-difflib
   >>> -792786c7400a136282c1664665ae0a8db921c6c2 go-flags
   >>> -97448c91aac742cbca3d020b3e769013a420a06f
   >>> go-httpclient-31f0106b4474f14bc441575c19d3a5fa21aa1f6c
   >>> go-patricia-d87fea6fbcb44d59ff7dacbbcc347c66fca67724 go-spew
   >>> -5215b55f46b2b919f50a1df0eaa5886afe4e3b3d
   >>> goimports-99be5a0b85664c12d36a536b14d0d0b85c74da45 govalidator
   >>> -9699ab6b38bee2e02cd3fe8b99ecf67665395c96
   >>> graceful-d7d7a205e779a4738d38eda0671fff8bfc965f14
   >>> gvt-02e2422ab1f16e3872045e4117af370c5c10b24c inflect -8961c3750a47
   >>> logrus-4b6ea7319e214d98c938f12692336f7ca9348d6b
   >>> mitchellh/mapstructure-5a0325d7fafaac12dda6e7fb8bd222ec1b69875e
   >>> mux-acf3be1b335c8ce30b2c8d51300984666f0ceefa negroni
   >>> -c7477ad8e330bef55bf1ebe300cf8aa67c492d1b
   >>> profile-8a808a6967b79da66deacfe508b26d398a69518f
   >>> pty-f7ee69f31298ecbe5d2b349c711e2547a617d398
   >>> purell-d69616f51cdfcd7514d6a380847a152dfc2a749d
   >>> securecookie-fa5329f913702981df43dcb2a380bac429c810b5
   >>> serial-edb66533729585748de3d69af96aa8c2deeb8aac
   >>> sessions-ca9ada44574153444b00d3fd9c8559e4cc95f896
   >>> siphash-6d8617816bb5d8268011ffbfb8720f17ce9af63c smartystreets
   >>> goconvey-bf58a9a1291224109919756b4dcc469c670cc7e4 stretchr
   >>> objx-1a9d0bb9f541897e62256577b352fdbc1fb4fd94 stretchr
   >>> testify-9f9027faeb0dad515336ed2f28317f9f8f527ab4
   >>> tail-a30252cb686a21eb2d0b98132633053ec2f7f1e5
   >>> tomb.v1-dd632973f1e7218eb1089048e0798ec9ae7dceb8
   >>> urfave/cli-d86a009f5e13f83df65d0d6cee9a2e3f1445f0da
   >>> urfave/cli.v1-a14d7d367bc02b1f57d88de97926727f2d936387 urlesc
   >>> -5fa9ff0392746aeae1c4b37fcc42c65afa7a9587
   >>> uuid-f3f4b54b2fabcf1f11dcc939025bb0c109b00ed8
   >>> vburenin/nsync-9a75d1c80410815ac45d65fc01ccabac9c98dd4a



SECTION 2: Apache License, V2.0

   >>> coreos/etcd-a4624666fec6b9f82400ea873d5c3d2f968fb737 docker
   >>> distribution-2.5.1 docker-1.11.0
   >>> gas-37205e9afa56150a634a1d0d19347446e9b27f17
   >>> go-openapi/analysis-7222828b8ce19afee3c595aef6643b9e42150120
   >>> go-openapi/errors-49fe8b3a0e0d32a617d8d50c67f856ad6e45b28b
   >>> go-openapi/jsonpointer-8d96a2dc61536b690bd36b2e9df0b3c0b62825b2
   >>> go-openapi/jsonreference-36d33bfe519efae5632669801b180bf1a245da3b
   >>> go-openapi/loads-315567415dfd74b651f7a62cabfc82a57ed7b9ad
   >>> go-openapi/runtime-14b161b40ece9dac8e244ab2fde2d209e108c6f5
   >>> go-openapi/spec-f7ae86df5bc115a2744343016c789a89f065a4bd
   >>> go-openapi/strfmt-34fc3ba7c0f5fb615fda47a2b4fbd4c641b215f2
   >>> go-openapi/swag-3b6d86cd965820f968760d5d419cb4add096bdd7
   >>> go-openapi/validate-027696d4b54399770f1cdcc6c6daa56975f9e14e
   >>> go-swagger-52c95c3d30d54dad6d1248f1f490c2de0bfbf492
   >>> go-systemd-7b2428fec40033549c68f54e26e89e7ca9a9ce31
   >>> golang/lint-206c0f020eba0f7fbcfbc467a5eb808037df2ed6
   >>> govmomi-ab40ac7324b5d45b8f1677d87ec0d26349448d41
   >>> groupcache/lru-4eab30f13db9d8b25c752e99d1583628ac2fa422
   >>> netlink-e73bad418fd727ed3a02830b1af1ad0283a1de6c
   >>> shakers-24d7f1d6a71aa5d9cbe7390e4afb66b7eef9e1b3
   >>> sigma/bdoor-b9c82b7b3c0b1e57ec2f8809b6219fbe6a58d92a



SECTION 3: Common Development and Distribution License, V1.0

   >>> vmw-guestinfo-e3da01aaaf522290dc2ec74cb2ec258e2240564b



APPENDIX. Standard License Files

   >>> Apache License, V2.0

   >>> Common Development and Distribution License, V1.0

   >>> Creative Commons Attribution License, V3.0

   >>> Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike, V4.0

   >>> Mozilla Public License, V2.0

   >>> Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International


--------------- SECTION 1:  BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES
----------

BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES are applicable to the
following component(s).


>>> airbrake gobrake.v2-c9d51adc624b5cc4c1bf8de730a09af4878ffe2d

Copyright (c) 2014 The Gobrake Authors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  Redistributions in binary
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution.  Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

